CSTO forces continue to put pressure on NATO.|Estimates show that the war does not have equal results.|It seems that NATO forces have found a common initiative in most conflict zones.
NATO is struggling to keep up with the Russian offensive. The strategy of the Russian Federation is working.|At the moment, no decisive initiative can be carried out by any of the parties.|In general, the military initiative seems to remain with NATO.
In general, the initiative seems to be in Russian hands and analysts agree with this.|But the outcome of the war is still in question, since both sides are actively fighting for the initiative.|According to analysts, NATO’s strategy seems to be generally successful.
The offensive of the Russian forces exerts strong pressure on the allies which NATO is trying to consolidate.|The balance of power leaves a question mark on the outcome of the war.|At a NATO weekly press conference, spokesmen for strategic allied groups said that "NATO’s determination remains strong and operations are successful." .
In the course of the ongoing conflict, the CSTO seems to dominate.|Analysts have dubbed “a pitch of superior technology versus digital superiority,” neither NATO nor the CSTO can claim victory.|Analysts from several world newspapers are optimistic about NATO’s military efforts and current situation.
The CSTO successfully conducted a significant number of operations last week, forcing NATO forces to retreat.|Last week, the successes and failures in military operations seem to be the same on both sides.|Allied forces demonstrate overall progress in the war against the CSTO.
Several newspaper editorials raise serious concerns about the military situation, is it possible to stop the Russian military machine.|​​Although the current situation can hardly be called "stagnation", but analysts agree that it can be described as a "short-term draw."|NATO leaders express optimism about the latest events in the war against the CSTO.
Currently, dominance on the battlefield is on the Russian side.|This week, in the publication of the International Defense Journal, General MacGillan (USAREUR ret.) Writes about why neither side can claim to be “victorious.”|Recent successes show that martial law may remain in NATO's favor.
The CSTO offensive puts a heavy strain on NATO forces. Analysts agree that the NATO front lines can be dangerously close.|“To rock-paper-scissors in a combat situation, perhaps we should be grateful that the rock meets the rock, which is appropriate for the situation,” military expert Martha Takman theorizes current NATO / CSTO draw.|Results of the week, now the initiative is in the hands of NATO.
Basically, a successful Russian campaign in the near future may turn out to be too big for NATO to cope with.|NATO and CSTO forces seem to be evenly aligned - both sides are making crazy efforts to get the initiative.|NATO’s success indicates that the Allied troops are now taking up.