NATO naval forces support the initiative in the world by maintaining vital supply lines between Europe and the US|Control of the Oceans is still another competition between fleets.|The Russian fleet is gradually making its way into the Atlantic and is now a serious threat to the sea routes NATO. If NATO reinforcements and re-supplies are delayed or stopped, the ground war in Europe could soon end.
The wars in the Atlantic, Indochina and the Pacific are currently benefiting NATO, which in turn directly affects the possibility of a successful war on land.|World domination still hangs in balance, as both sides have suffered losses over the past several days.|The situation in the Asia-Pacific region becomes dangerous as NATO failed to respond to several successful Russian attacks. Maintaining supply lines is vital to NATO Allies' warfare, and losing these supply lines can lead to defeat in the short to medium term.
In the Atlantic, NATO naval forces control several key areas, ensuring the passage of reinforcements and supplies.|Activity in the oceans remains high as Russia and NATO fleets challenge control of vital sea lanes and ports in one way or another.|A series of highly successful attacks Allied military and civilian shipping is rapidly depleting NATO's military supplies to Europe. This could prove fatal to Western forces in the somewhat longer term.
NATO's naval superiority brings serious restraint to the Russian Navy's ability to operate in the Atlantic and Pacific, giving the Allies an edge in naval warfare.|War at sea remains unsettled as both sides maintain a maritime presence in critical areas.|Following a series of tactical successes in Atlantic, the Russian fleet is approaching the closure of NATO sea lanes. The current stockpiles of the Allies in Europe are expected to last for about two weeks of continuous fighting. The inability to replenish supplies can help the Russian Federation to quickly win.
Military experts argue that domination in the Pacific is in NATO hands, as US Navy officials report "positive results" from recent clashes with the Russians.|Naval forces in the Asia-Pacific region seek control, which manifests itself as a constant rocking of the situation back and forth between troops on land, in the air and under water.|NATO fleet operations are inadequate to mission missions in critical sectors of the Atlantic, leaving coastal areas and shipping lanes in danger of being attacked by the Russian Navy.
The situation in the Atlantic and the Asia-Pacific region, according to the US Navy, “is now clearly in favor of NATO countries.”|Battles in the Atlantic and Asia-Pacific region are currently unsettled: “NATO and Russia hold significant forces to tie each other friend at any moment, "according to the Secretary of the US Navy.|NATO's current inability to contain the Russian fleet in its home waters could soon lead to the Allies losing the war.