Initial reports indicate fighting resistance in many areas. The result is still unclear.
The military press is expected to make further statements throughout the day. The details of the attack were still unknown at press time, although <LANDLOCAL> was rumored to be badly damaged.
Public radio stations in the city of <LANDLOCAL> immediately went off the air, possibly due to precise missile strikes against relay stations and radio masts. Radio amateurs still broadcasting in the area give chaotic but unconfirmed reports of intense fighting.
The situation is still very unclear, but civilians around the city of <LANDLOCAL> were immediately evacuated according to pre-war plans.
In response to persistent rumors of atrocities near <LANDLOCAL>, the International Red Cross has demanded immediate access to war zone areas for observation and assistance.
The UN secretary made a call to "restrain the use of force and focus on taking all possible measures to avoid the death of civilians."
Witness reports of phosphorus munitions being used in populated areas of <LANDLOCAL> drew an international outcry with several heads of state around the world demanding an immediate ban on their use. The military claims they do not have these types of ammunition.
Witness reports of cluster bombs being used in populated areas of <LANDLOCAL> caused an international outcry with several heads of state around the world demanding an immediate ban on their use.
Satellite images of the <LANDLOCAL> area of ​​the city show signs of significant damage to civilian structures and residential areas. Red Cross representatives called for the establishment of safe corridors for refugees and basic necessities.
The roads leading to and from the city of <LANDLOCAL> are reported to be overcrowded with refugees. Humanitarian organizations are calling for the admission of Red Cross personnel to neighboring areas.
Alarming rumors of extrajudicial killings of journalists and local politicians in the neighborhoods of <LANDLOCAL> have been spreading since the invasion. The military does not comment in detail yet, but refers to "instructing all military forces to follow all conventions regarding the laws of war."
Initial reports indicate resistance in many areas, with the fiercest in the city center <LANDLOCAL>. The result is still unclear.
Military officials are expected to make further statements during the day, but key details of the attack are currently unknown. Unconfirmed reports indicate that <LANDLOCAL> is heavily hit by troops.
Public radio stations in the city of <LANDLOCAL> soon went off the air, possibly due to sabotage by Special Forces groups infiltrated prior to the attack. Unconfirmed eyewitness reports from radio amateurs depict chaotic scenes of intense urban clashes.
In the wake of the invasion, alarming rumors of arrests of journalists and bystanders have circulated. The military does not comment in detail yet, but refers to "instructions for all armed men to observe all conventions concerning the laws of war."