The Russian fleet is gradually making its way to the Atlantic and currently poses a serious threat to NATO’s sea lanes. If NATO’s reinforcements and re-deliveries are delayed or halted, the ground war in Europe may end soon.|Control over the Oceans is still another rivalry between fleets.|NATO Naval Forces support the world’s initiative while maintaining vital supply lines between Europe and the USA.
The situation in the Asia-Pacific region is becoming dangerous, as NATO was unable to respond to several successful Russian attacks. Maintaining supply lines is vital to NATO Allied warfare, and losing those routes could lead to defeat in the short and medium term.|Dominance in the world is still off balance as both sides have suffered losses over the past few days.|War in the Atlantic, Indochina and the Pacific are currently benefiting NATO, which in turn directly affects the possibility of a successful land war.
A series of very successful attacks on Allied military and civil shipping is quickly depleting NATO's military supplies to Europe. This may prove fatal for Western forces in the somewhat longer term.|Activity in the oceans remains high, as the Russian and NATO fleets challenge the control of vital sea corridors and ports to one degree or another.|In the Atlantic, NATO's naval forces control several key areas, ensuring the passage of reinforcements and supplies.
After a series of tactical successes in the Atlantic, the Russian fleet is approaching the closure of NATO sea lanes. It is expected that the current reserves of the allies in Europe will be enough for about two weeks of continuous hostilities. The inability to replenish supplies can help Russia win quickly.|The war at sea remains unsettled, as both sides maintain a maritime presence in important areas.|NATO’s naval superiority puts serious restraint on the ability of the Russian Navy to operate in the Atlantic and Pacific Ocean, giving the Allies advantage in naval warfare.
NATO’s fleet operations do not meet mission objectives in important sectors of the Atlantic, leaving coastal areas and shipping lanes at risk of being attacked by the Russian Navy.|The naval forces in the Asia-Pacific region seek control, which is manifested as the constant swaying of the situation back and forth between troops on land, in the air, and under water.|Military experts say NATO dominates the Pacific because US Navy officials report "positive results" of recent clashes first with the Russians.
NATO’s current inability to hold back the Russian fleet in its home waters could soon lead to the Allies losing the war.|Battles in the Atlantic and Asia-Pacific are currently unsettled: "NATO and Russia hold significant forces to tie each other friend at any time, "according to the US Navy secretary.|The situation in the Atlantic and Asia-Pacific region, according to representatives of the US Navy," is currently clearly benefiting NATO countries. "