NATO forces appear to have found a common initiative in most conflict zones.|Assessments show that the war does not have equal results.|CSTO forces continue to pressure NATO.
Overall, the fighting initiative seems to be with NATO.|At this point, no decisive initiative can be taken by either side.|NATO is struggling to keep up with the Russian advance. The RF strategy is working.
According to analysts, NATO's strategy appears to be generally successful.|But the outcome of the war is still in question, as both sides are actively fighting for the initiative.|In general, the initiative seems to be in Russian hands and analysts agree with this.
At NATO's weekly press conference, Allied Strategic Group officials said “NATO's resolve remains strong and operations successful.”|The balance of power leaves a question mark over the outcome of the war.|The Russian advance is putting strong pressure on allies that NATO is trying to consolidate ...
Analysts from several world newspapers are optimistic about NATO's military efforts and the current situation.|Analysts have already dubbed "the pitch of superior technology against superiority in numbers", neither NATO nor the CSTO can claim victory.|In the course of the ongoing conflict, the CSTO seems , will win up.
Allied forces are showing overall progress in the war against the CSTO.|Last week, the successes and failures in military operations appeared to be the same on both sides.|The CSTO successfully conducted a significant number of operations in the past week, forcing NATO forces to retreat.
NATO leaders are optimistic about recent developments in the war against the CSTO.|While the current situation can hardly be called "stagnation," analysts agree that it can be described as a "short-term draw."|Several newspaper editorials raise serious concerns about military situation, is it possible to stop the Russian military machine.
Recent successes suggest martial law may remain in NATO's favor|This week in the International Defense Journal, General McGillan (USAREUR ret.) Writes about why neither side can claim "victory."|In currently, the dominance of the battlefield is on the Russian side.
The results of the week, now the initiative is in the hands of NATO.|"In rock-paper-scissors in a combat situation, perhaps we should be grateful that rock meets rock, which is appropriate for the situation," military expert Martha Takman theorizes the current NATO / CSTO draw.|The CSTO offensive puts a heavy load on NATO forces. Analysts agree that NATO's front lines could be dangerously close.
NATO successes indicate that Allied forces are now taking over.|NATO and CSTO forces seem to be evenly aligned - both sides are making frantic efforts to gain initiative.|In general, a successful Russian campaign in the near future may be too large to NATO coped with it.